Fix globals, part 3: `crossOriginIsolated` (#33254)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/workerglobalscope/crossoriginisolated/index.md

---
title: "WorkerGlobalScope: crossOriginIsolated property"
short-title: crossOriginIsolated
slug: Web/API/WorkerGlobalScope/crossOriginIsolated

> page-type: web-api-global-property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page-type: web-api-instance-property
```

browser-compat: api.crossOriginIsolated
---

{{APIRef("Web Workers API")}}

The **`crossOriginIsolated`** read-only property of the {{domxref("WorkerGlobalScope")}} interface returns a boolean value that
indicates whether the website is in a cross-origin isolation state. That state mitigates the risk of side-channel attacks and unlocks a few capabilities:

> - {{JSxRef("SharedArrayBuffer")}} can be created and sent via a {{DOMxRef("Window.postMessage()")}} call.

Reviewer: Weird to refer to `Window.postMessage` here since of course `Window` is not available here. Perhaps https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope/postMessage and perhaps also https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MessagePort/postMessage ?

> - {{JSxRef("SharedArrayBuffer")}} can be created and sent via a {{DOMxRef("Window.postMessage()")}} call.

Author: ```suggestion
- {{JSxRef("SharedArrayBuffer")}} can be created and sent via a {{DOMxRef("DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope.postMessage()")}} or a {{DOMxRef("MessagePort.postMessage()")}} call.
```
